[Music]
Hey there, how are you all my hearts?
I hope you're having a
spectacular day, and well, keep in mind that
I'm leaving this little video recorded at
5 in the morning because I'm going to bed
so you can enjoy it when
you have breakfast today, Sunday. I hope you
're having a
spectacular weekend with your family,
enjoying your loved ones, and
well, as it couldn't be anything else,
gossip. Welcome one more day to your
favorite gossip and gossip channel.
Before continuing with the video, as
always, I ask you all to please
subscribe, it's completely free. And
on this channel, you'll find out all the
news about the celebrities that interest you.
Okay, sometimes I say about
your favorite celebrities. But well, some are very
favorite, more than others. Well, I do
n't think they're okay. We were already talking the
other day on this channel about a well, a
pretty ugly comment, a
horrible comment that was made to Rocío Flores
on her Instagram account, and it
had nothing to do with it because they were
in an Instagram photo of her dancing
with her father, enjoying herself, and so on, and
suddenly, well, one came.  fuchsia always with
these types of comments that make so
horrible no and Distilling the hatred that
distills and put to Rocío Flores has gotten
rid of you have gotten rid of the one
that bothers David Flores as if
David Flores were some kind of burden
that bothers his father and his sister no
and that to go to a concert well they have gotten
rid of it okay as if the
family could not organize Hey well
look at you Today you stay with David and with
Lola Today I stay anyway
unpleasant and repulsive comments
no if you have not seen the video I
recommend that you watch it because the truth is You are
going to throw your hands to your heads
with that comment and it is that when I
heard it I was shocked because without going any
further today Rocío Flores has been
made another comment that she has been able to
bullfight very but very well here she
tells us Mimi takes out Rocío Flores we
fill our mouths saying that they do not enter
but when you come across
comments of such caliber it is impossible
I wonder those of you who post
comments So it seems that
life is going well How are you  with your How is it going with
your lives I don't understand each other well, I
mean let's see Posting this kind of
comments Well, I don't think it's from
a very healthy person with their life we're not
going to read it
this week as it is his turn with the father he
puts it on Instagram like his
sister does for next week he is
with Olga he forgets that he has a brother and
sister if he loves him so much if he is his
half it's time for him to take care of him or
his father so that the Flores
Riesco family is complete every day
every week and every month or in other
words this person is getting into the
distribution of schedules that each
person is with whoever they want I'll tell you one
thing as I don't butt in where I'm not
called okay but I understand that the issue
of Lola and David I understand that they
for example that it won't be
such a rigid thing not that within the 15 days
that each one goes or with Olga Juan
Antonio Abi that if suddenly David
wants to go see his father I think he
can go and that if Lola at some point
wants to go with her father even if it's not
within the 15  days I understand that she
calls him and goes no and the father goes crazy
for her, I mean these people who believe, I
mean these people believe how they are
used to and they are fans of Rocio
Carrasco they believe that children are like
a burden and children are not like a
burden Children are something that is loved, I mean
Children are a pleasure, a taste, I mean
the
thinking that these people have makes no sense at all and
I consider that people like this who
have written this comment are monsters
okay this week as it touches her with the
father they take it out on Instagram it's like but
if it is that anyway the photograph
that she published here was not to congratulate
her brother she would have put it on her
Instagram anyway Maybe they
even squared it wanting so that
the birthday It will be with her father, I mean
but even if it had been with
Olga surely both her father and her
brother would have uploaded a photo with him
to congratulate him you know who hasn't
congratulated David Flores yet, his
mother, his mother hasn't congratulated him
what mother no what mother who hasn't
congratulated her son on his birthday
incredible no but well Rocio florero
has fallen short answering her And as
Mimi says, well yes, it is true that in
most cases you should not
go into these things but there are times when your
body just jumps out and you have to
write Okay, I have the
feeling that comments like this I
wrote them out of boredom or to get
attention But I'm going to clarify your
doubt I take care of my entire family
Every day of my life Merry Christmas
and happy life This thing about happiness is an
addition because it seems that it does not have it Not
me in capital letters I mean I take care of all of them I
precisely take care of others no no I
precisely others I do not take care of everything
of the entire family including my children
of my entire family Every day of my
life it is incredible not that on top of that
these people are supposed to fight for
the family for the children for
violence against women no incredible Not
here a ditch of peace Padilla taking
a picture with ro And it is that really
parpadillas has shown all his support
to the Flores Moreno family and to all the
environment Not because he has not stopped during
this week from taking pictures with Rocío
with
Ortega Cano with Gloria Camila but
however there is one thing that catches my
attention about papadilla And that is that she does not upload
a photo with Antonio David Okay I get the
feeling that maybe Paz Padilla
is positioned for a part
but she also does not want to risk her
work contracts maybe maybe I
also tell you that
I am a little adventurous because she does
take a photo with other members of
the family
Rocío Flores and the beautiful message that she
dedicates to David Flores on his birthday
you are my life my guardian angel my better
half This is the photograph
This is the crime This is the enormous
crime that Rocío Flores commits on
Instagram so that a fuchsia comes and
tells her this that you just saw okay a
photograph where she shows all her love
for her brother okay here you have it
24 years ago my guardian angel was born my better
half he cannot imagine how lucky I am that he is
my brother that
nothing and no one will ever erase your smile
always by your side be happy today and you
are always my life
58,000 likes
I think that in a little while this will be
more than the people who see  save me every day
but there you have it, I mean it's a
post of love and these people see
everything and translate it into hate here We
also have to finish the
video a tremendous noise from Gloria
Camila to Rocío Carrasco you know that the
other day for example Gloria Camila
dedicated herself to distributing not to distributing yucas and she
hit gmaldong in the mouth well
people interpreted this as an
indirect towards her sister Rocío Carrasco
I put it and you tell me what you think
[Music] she
sent me and a little while let's
see I also tell you I think it's a
little far-fetched but I don't
rule it out either no he says jero after the
gemalon draw Gloria returns with a
little dart
rice
for Violeta
Gloria Camila Ortega the target of her anger and the
object of mockery of her defender gemalon
seems to have wanted to remember her
at a party in which she has started
with a friend with a curious couplet
demanded and A bunch of violets everything
seems to indicate that she is addressing her
beloved sister  that lately he's been exploring
his musical side without much
audience success everything has been said well I don't know
I don't know do you think so I'll be
reading the comments box okay
let me know what you think and nothing
family I'm going to leave this little video
here I'm going to go to bed since I've already bothered
you all too much today that I have
n't uploaded few videos for being
Saturday we also did a
pretty powerful live show and tomorrow or rather tomorrow
not today I'm leaving you This video
recorded before going to bed you have
a bomb program you have a live show in
which I'm going to be accompanied by my
collaborators we have exclusives from
Raquel Mosquera and we also have
live connections with Marina Snack
who's going to be at a special event
where they're going to be giving out awards to
people from the television in particular
Marta Arriesgo
[Music]
Alejandra Rubio maestro is around there she's
going to meet Martha
my goodness don't miss today's live show okay
from 7 in the evening until 11
or so I have a beautiful evening ahead of me So I'm
counting on you all okay
subscribe give it a like  and a
big kiss family, I love you so much
[Music]